NUMBER GUESSER

-- Synopsis and Game Play

This project is a one player game where the user guesses a number within parameters that is has been randomly generated by the program.  The user also has control over these parameters and can choose any number they like.  Upon entering a number the program will check to be sure it is a playable number and enable the guess button.  The clear button will also enable if the user wishes to clear the input field.  Upon clicking the guess button the users number will be checked by the program and the user will be directed that the number was with too high, too low or the correct guess with the word ‘BOOM!’.  If not the winning number, the user can then re-enter a new guess until the winning number is chosen.  Upon choosing the winning game the word ‘BOOM!’ Will display, 3 seconds will pass and then new parameters will set, expanding the old parameters by 20 numbers.  The game continues in this way until the user quits or clicks the reset button to restart the game.

-- Tools Used

I used HTML to structure this page.  I used different elements depending on the purpose and functionality I was aiming for.  I used CSS to style my page.  I targeted elements to assign them styles in different ways.  I targeted some by the element itself, other I targeted by class or id.

I used JavaScript to put functionality to my page.  I targeted different HTML elements by their id's and used different tactics such as variables, functions and event listeners to create the functionality.
